# AWS S3 Presign URL

AWS S3 (Simple Storage Service) can generate a pre-signed URL for objects stored in S3 buckets, which allows temporary access to the object without requiring AWS credentials.

Here are steps to generate a pre-signed URL:
1. Ensure you have valid AWS credentials with permission to access the S3 object you want to generate a pre-signed URL for.
2. Determine the S3 bucket and object key for the object you want to generate a pre-signed URL for.
3. Decide on a duration (in seconds) for which the pre-signed URL will be valid.


## Generate pre-signed URL using aws cli
```
aws s3 presign s3://bucket-name/file-path --expires-in {duration-in-seconds}
```

## Generate pre-signed URL using Python
See `presign.py`


## Example pre-signed URL
```
https://my-s3-bucket.s3.amazonaws.com/my-object?Expires=1620643740&Signature=example_signature&AWSAccessKeyId=example_access_key

```

this URL grants temporary access to an S3 object stored in the my-s3-bucket bucket. The object's key is `my-object`. The URL includes query string parameters that specify additional information:

- Expires=1620643740 specifies the Unix timestamp (in seconds) when the pre-signed URL will expire. In this example, the URL will expire on May 10, 2021 at 8:35:40 PM UTC.
- Signature=example_signature is the signature generated by AWS to authenticate the request. The signature is based on the secret access key associated with the access key ID specified in the URL.
- AWSAccessKeyId=example_access_key specifies the AWS access key ID used to sign the request.